take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran on without me oh
thank you for coming tonight there will be two messages delivered simultaneously
one's a left-handed and one's right-handed yeah so um that's nice we
have a privilege tonight that way we're going to jump in I'm going to take you guys to
a place where people in antiquity
got high on the burning purple and I'm
going to show you what they saw that's what's tonight on lady babylon's
Bible study
[Music]
the first thing that I want to do is take you just hop right we're gonna hop
right in the ship and we're gonna go we're gonna just take off tonight because I want to show you look we've been talking a lot about drugs in the
ancient world we've been talking a lot about sources that talk about the drugs and we've been talking about it in cult
context we've looked at some parts of a formula for one of the Galena one of the
famous antidotes to counteract the communion
so we've looked at all of those things now let's look at some people actually using them and I want you to recognize
while we're doing this that we are communicating on two different
levels so the idea is that look I mean this is
the this is the world we're in um happens to be two Dimensions right overlapping each other and you can talk
back and forth you can interact right um and if you know the right things that
you can move the mountains right this is pure mystery pure mystery this the
Christians cannot deny this right it's pure mystery so um what I what I'd like to do is to
teach you if I had a group of people's very secretive group of people and we were working on some big private
projects I would have them Reach Out reach out to this frequency
um to tap in to be sitting on that Throne what Throne is that's the throne they call it the Throne of the devil
right um I would be sitting in that position in order to hear the left-handed track
that's being played right two tracks fantastic okay so tonight what I want to
do is I want to start with Orpheus we have to bring up Orpheus and
um we're gonna have a nice little video too beautifully done by the way thank you to
Chewie for everything um for piloting this ship uh thank you
Chewie you've been a great um I wouldn't be able to do it without you so we're a fine team
um let's go to the text I want to bring Orpheus back and in order to get Orpheus back we're going to have to go here to a
root cutter right this is where we're going to get this information we're going to get this information from a
root cutter who is the root cutter the root cutter is that professional who knows the
plants and who knows the drugs who knows how to acquire them how to process them
what time of day it needs to be done specific times of the year different weather conditions she knows what to do
with the drugs she knows how to prepare them to combine them this is somebody who's got a lot of knowledge and this
knowledge is passed down it's generational knowledge right and some of
it gets ended up it ends up getting up getting written excuse me
um written and recorded for us and we have these gems of these sources the one I want to take you tonight is written by
the son of one of these famous root cutters and um by the way Sophocles
wrote a play called root Cutters right so um it's a big deal in Antiquity uh so
here we go she is passing the knowledge that we are getting tonight
um the scene the ability to see this scene of these drug users actively performing the mystery the power of that
tonight comes from Orpheus Right comes from that root Cutters tradition we have
to summon them this is our first text right this is our first text
or Patel log on python
Martin who's
ebullah man yes these are the lines of the great
virgin these are the lines of the great Crimean virgin
Crimean virgin who is she she is the one who was sacrificed
for the welfare of her people and when I say virgin I don't mean
sexual virgin um I mean an age group virgins in
Antiquity or an age group the nymphs are the ones who are ready for marriage
ready for marriage so we're talking about an age of life here if a Janaya is the
the great if he won ASA this is old old Mycenaean cult
okay so we're setting the stage here right which is just land our ship we're getting out where are we what what
century is it right what age is it where are we we're in the late Bronze Age
and we are worshiping a virgin yes we're worshiping a virgin and that
virgin was a sacrifice but when that sacrifice was meant to
take place Diana provided
a substitute and took the sacrifice
yeah and she installed that sacrifice in
crime what we call today the Crimea but
in Antiquity they called it the land of the towerians
yeah sometimes we say at the very you know it we talk about the uke sign
the ice in us they call it originally the sea the Black Sea and there is the
Crimea and there it's from there that are virgin and all of her worship comes from She's
installed there and what is her job her job
is to take captured Greeks and execute them
very specifically and why would she do that because she's
the Virgin she is the dewanasa all right she is the Diana
who was sacrificed and for that reason because of what Grace did to its own
daughter they all die doesn't matter doesn't matter they all die they're all
sacrificed she's the one that does it she's the Virgin who does that sacrifice
so she says in this text if I possessed
the logos of Orpheus
foreign to persuade with song
so that even the rocks would work in unison
with me whole mountain is a great great verb it means to it means to for two
separate entities to work to be bound in a relationship to where they're coming together is the
production of the work yeah
yeah so that I could
enter into it sympathy with the very elements
Kaling Kaelyn what does Kalyn I mean show us
here if I could charm now again this is
thanks to the victorians shout out to England and the uh yeah and the scholars
150 years ago yeah sorry I don't know what that says about modern scholarship
but the good stuff comes out of the 1850s in England and um that's where
we're getting this charm thing this charm thing it's a call by an
incantation it's a call if I possess the logos of Orpheus
I can do this to whomever I want
yeah if I had it I would use it she says if I had it I would use it I want you to
remember one thing it's talking about the power of Orpheus and this is part of the the
background of the cult and all of this you think this is or
people talk about Orpheus Orpheus Orpheus right how important orifice is is Christianity the product of orphism
of course right of course it is right this mystery that we're talking about it
is the original mystery it's the oldest that we have for
creating that oracular response whether it's the Jews who are doing it from a box in a tent full of smoke or whether
it's the Greeks who are doing it over a tripod
it's the original mystery and what's funny is we always attribute we always talk about Orpheus
Orpheus Orpheus Orpheus was the student of Medea
yeah as usual I'm sorry but as usual there is a brilliant woman
behind the origin that nobody discusses
yeah it's a shame it's a shame I'm gonna take you to the place where the purple is and where they're using it and we
have a text that'll talk about that so um when you are
talking to Satan when you were talking to Satan
when you're using that saturnian Oracle you've entered that initiation and
you're then operating actively you can function within Both Worlds at
once so that the rocks must obey
yeah gorgeousness we've got a little video I want you to see this video um this is in the other world where the
north is the South and the south is the North full of subliminal messages for you so
eat this one up tonight everybody in the world knows that men
don't think very much of women who are easy women who are easy
having a virtuous wife is being like a rich man with big sack of rubies your
husband is blessed God is favoring him by providing a wife providing you for
this man easy easy is the ruler of this world these titles
and many more signify Satan's capabilities we must remember that God has given him domain over unbelievers
only Believers are no longer under the rule of Satan unbelievers on the other hand are caught in the snare of the
devil lie in the power of the evil one and are in bondage to Satan Satan is the
God of this world it's not saying that he has ultimate Authority it is conveying the idea that Satan rules over
the unbelieving world in a specific way these bad guys at Corinth are Satan
self-righteous respectability that is the that's the Beating Heart of Satanism
abortion God has forgiven it porn sites God has forgiven it and we think oh you're starting to introduce moral chaos
no forgiveness of sin is not moral chaos but I believe that God has built men to
engage with the world and God has built women to be domestic between Presbyterians and twerking drag
queens is not to display an adverb of neutrality this only happens when the state has decided to decide with the
kinky tribe Plus [Applause] had everybody in the world knows that
men don't think very much of women who are easy
so this is not a fairy tale that we can live in right
um we're going tonight to see the queen we're going to see uh somebody who is
not a bag of rubies are you a bag of rubies
I know I could be a bag of something a bag of rubies I don't know
um that's the fact that you put up with that is just to me is absolutely phenomenal it shows your patience wow
um I want to bring up another passage in Greek here and I just stuck out one line out on the side there it's just for you
to just for you to get comfortable with um because it's an important line but in
the first four lines of this little speech that we have here this is again from the son of the root cutter and he's
talking about the great virgin that is worshiped by the towerians in what we call Crimea
yeah fantastic and on the fourth line he says hey um there were some guys that were washed
up you know on the shore and they were down in the crack of the of the side of
the wall the cliff where the ocean where the sea hits up against it right by the
way they called the they called the Black Sea an ocean right the khmerians live
beyond the ocean in the Greek mind and that ocean was the Black Sea and those
chamarians come from the Crimea earliest people from Crimea fantastic that fourth
line says they ended up in this little cave little Crag where the
dealers in uh the purple
where they do their thing where they deal in purple did you know there's two Greek verbs
yeah this is weird this is weird but Greek has several ways of saying to do
the purple yeah to do the purple so here they are
doing the purple doing the purple um let's just see really quick go ahead
and pull that one up yeah here's the word just for the
Skeptics in the group right the poor fiery remember is the purple
you know that's the modest you know it's probably a place where they fish this thing out of the waters and
prepared it and then apparently administered it
the guys that came up and saw them the locals that walked up and hear these two
guys messing around right where the purple is those those guys said
um it was God right it was a couple of gods that washed up you have to be
careful another guy said no no it's not it's just some humans just some Greeks
he said washed up from the shore right washed up there they are let's go get
them and kill them right take them to the sacrifice and the great version because this is at the bottom of the top
of this place on the top of this place is a hill and the name for that Hill is the name
for doing purple it's got a temple on the top of a temple
to the virgin okay so let's watch what happens when these guys use this drug this is this is
phenomenal uh the Greek text is wonderful here we're going down to about line
oh this is about line 285 for those who are keeping track um
about 284 283 here yeah so this is good I'm going to use this one it's on the on
the screen here yeah there we go um perfect so money ice
I know got Boeing he was running around in Mania were from
Mania he's he's pacing back and forth in Mania okay and he's shouting Boi he's
shouting I'm kunagos like he's a hunter like he's a hunter like he's that that word literally is
just the one that leads the dogs and if you think of a man here you thought wrong
yeah you're not in Kansas anymore man who
whose wife is a sack of rubies that's so demeaning I don't know how you
people put up with it I really don't know I don't get it whatever it's your choice
okay what does he say what does this one guy say he's stumbling around and he's like Pilates his friend's name is pile
of this right a couple of Greeks yeah right pilot is he says dead orcas did
you see that thing and he says tended I do that kind of
it's a look there she is do you see her it's the dragon of Hades
it's the dragon of Hades now that may not make sense to some of you but for
some of you take the right path you'll know that the Crimea
has a dragon and a gateway to Hades
to Hades we have a dragon we have a gateway to Hades
um this thing is so old that Homer even writes about it and it's speculated that
Homer got it stole it from the epics about Medea
which makes would make sense right because before
Odysseus is running around in this skirt Medea is
ruling the world yeah yeah
fantastic this is gorgeous I tell you this stuff so what's this guy doing he's running around he's like ah there's the
drakaina of Hades right he's like do you see her do you see her he says um
uh horse mate bullet katana as if she wants to kill me she's here
she comes like she's coming like she wants to kill me and what has she got she's got danais to hit nice for those
of you who follow the Echidna or the ahidna you know the in the dips ass the
poison right you know that this is her the Viper here she is she's coming at
him with these terrible terrible Viperine darts right oh God this is gorgeous
yeah and um now this next line it's a little
odd and not translated very well so you guys are sitting tonight on the you're
looking down into the canyon right on the top you're looking down because this is not done this text is not done right
the translations are right but that's it's obvious that something is messed up right from our
understanding the very next line foreign
yeah she breathes fire
from her chitin yeah she breathes fire from her
undergarment yeah she breathes fire from
her clothing yeah yeah
wow and what else phone on death
she breathes fire and death from her covering
yeah the Great dragon of Crimea
that's gorgeous I love it and how does she do it with the feathered
wings with the feathered powers yeah that's feathered Powers it's the
arrow poison right if you don't recognize that orestes is in a state of
oysteromania right now from that arrow poison
yeah then you're you know you're missing the boat or something uh he's seeing her
though he's seeing her though and uh he says oh my goodness she's gonna kill me here she comes
yeah and then he makes what they call airiness
he he makes a vocalization which they associate with Airness
aaronis is Fury when you're transformed into the theory you know it right you
know it and how do you know it hang on under this Drug's influence
you bark like a dog and play like a sheep
yeah like a sheep so which is not I've seen
this description elsewhere um nikander talks about it right so the prophets of the great mother
would come in with the purple on right eyes you know they've been taking this
drug in their eyes right and they come out in the streets and they start screaming at people
furiously about their desecration of the great mother
is your city wounds daughters and their mothers
you're going to get the prophets of the great mother yeah you're going to get the prophets of
the great mother that show up right
yeah okay so um throw up Herodotus just for the
naysayers let's just let people see that we're not joking here about what's going
on right among these the Towery have the following Customs all Shipwrecked men
and any Greeks whom they capture in their sea raids they sacrifice to the Virgin goddess it tells you as I will
describe after the first rise of sacrifice they strike the victim on the head with a club
this is like one of those clubs that they brought to apprehend Jesus with right right this is not a don't be
thinking Hammer right this is uh this is an Implement I mean you know anyway they knock you on the
head first I don't know is that nice um yeah and uh according to the source
they they then place the Hat on a pole and throw the body off the cliff on which their Temple stands isn't that
nice others agree as to the head so they get bonked but say the body is buried
not thrown off okay well that's a tiny detail the tower themselves say that the
deity to him they sacrifice is agamemnon's daughter iffegina look at
that so the Greeks aren't just running around claiming that's that's the Greek
daughter of the king right no it's actually her right the Italians fully admit that
right good as for enemies whom they defeat each cuts his enemy's head off
and carries it away to his house where he places it on a tall pull stands it high above the dwelling above the smoke
yeah good good these heads they say are set up to guard the whole house yeah if
your house were had heads on Pikes around it you
probably wouldn't have to even have a guard dog they have a lot of guard dogs in Antiquity but um you probably
wouldn't even need a guard dog for that right who's going to go into a house where there's a head on the outside so
okay look I know it's shocking you're in a different part of the world you're in a different part of time you're in a
different place but this is how world is functioning we're in the late Bronze Age can you smell the late Bronze
Age right be feeling the the lack of civil Authority but the presence of
armies that are led by by leaders or coalitions of very powerful uh wealthy
people building big cities and of big Stones this is you know this is the way
to go this is the way to go yeah blood Bronze Age
okay fantastic and who do we come up on next late bronzes we're we're getting
behind let's go to um the last text that we've got there
for you to see I want you to meet up face to face face to face
with our oops let me get up in the way here with our a little bit of Latin from
uh Valerius flacus right who who has access himself to The Sibling oracles
all right he's got access to the book so he knows right if anybody knows the history of
the purple and the visions that are produced by it
yes the saturnian writes if anybody knows it it's this guy
and um he's writing about the rising the uprising here literally the text it's
the coming up from underneath from underneath right Hera
is the reason we're all here the queen of Queens right Hera
right and Hera needs
right let those with ears to hear hear Hera needs
the world to conform to her
and so she calls upon the power of Aphrodite
to use the Medea
the medwa or the Medusa she calls upon her a human
a human right which I'm at two different dimensions now together functioning together
hang with me and what's funny is the the one element that
is this reflection right the all the guys at MIT are saying hey this is your reflection of the reality through the
Event Horizon right everything that is in this reality that is reflecting from
that other side um that is powering
this individual who is who is
every mind every mind
imagine that every mind in one virgin
so there's a civil war going on there are scythians involved
um you know the chamarians the chamarians in Crimea they were the ones who who really made a place for this
Oracle in the first place right so all of the sibling power that comes from the
Crimea that were you know kind of stuns us as modern uh uh Scholars of Greek
history and of Greek languages um this kind of
Eastern influenced what the Greeks would call barbaric
area is the cradle for the very mystery
that ends up being Judaism and Christianity
yeah and it does so through a virgin yeah so you can see why she'd need to be
controlled right you'd you can see why she's a bag of rubies
comes down to that I'm sorry I hope that pains every every female ear
out there tonight I hope that hurts stings you I hope you get that
boisterous and I and I hope you feel that because I don't know how how else to prod right I
lost the prods by the way people there's a group of people who are talking about hey I want to join I want to do it and
I'm a woman that's fantastic fantastic we'll talk
about um you know yeah what's stopping you right
um let's look at these verses to finish off here um this is from uh Valerius flaccus
right and he says right she comes into the mind she comes
into the mind of the goddess comes into the mind what is she men's
omnis the all mind
yeah in one virgin Santa wait a minute you mean all of the
stuff with the Civil War and the gods and the powers of the magicians that are
around all this stuff all this killing can be solved by one virgin yeah yeah
um and remember she's 12. she's 12. the text says she's not ready yet
um to Wed right that's 13 14. right 13 14 15.
somewhere in that range she's not ready to Wed yet she's not a full nymph so
she's 12 or 13 years old I was shocked when I found out Juliet was you know a
teenager right or is she like 15. right I was surprised
14. fantastic thanks Julie um but what you have to realize is that
if you're an Athenian you worship virgins you guys no problem with that right there is something there
that must be honored and it's only the atheists that don't honor the Virgin you'll notice when it where the Virgin
is kicked around it is she is kicked around by atheists and now you understand why the earliest Christians
were called atheists
they didn't honor the virgin yeah they did not have the virgin
you're right what is special about Medea
nobody else the text says nobody else has more powerness Aris in the nocturnal
in the nocturnal altars okay you're way out of your league
right you realize that you step out of the time machine you're looking at this cult and you're like oh wait a minute
what does that mean the nocturnal altars remember we're at the opening of the underworld right
we're with the guys in the purple all right we are seeing and interacting
with the Great Dragon the Sybil of Crimea right the chamarian civil
my goodness this is good stuff this is a this is a
Bronze Age beauty is what this is this is gorgeous I love it yeah and what what is she what is
everybody so worked up about this virgin she right because you haven't heard what
the version does until now some of you say oh I'm Catholic we do Mary right yeah yeah you do just keep keep
thanking that right what does this virgin do what does this virgin do this virgin's
premiatus the pounding vibrating of the chest
of this virgin causes things to happen you know it causes the Stars to be fixed
in place and to quiver pollen they quiver
causes the Sun to be stupefied
in its track fantastic
and how does she do it she does it with her sucrose
she does it with her juices her death and life-bringing juices
that's what the text says it uses the Latin word for juice and it's like from plants right talk
about the medical guys talk about what kind of juices of what plants do what right now that's usually translated
drugs it's usually translated drugs um especially because Medea's reputation
that we have Texas they as a matter of fact this one does in just a few lines that Cersei who's known everywhere in
that little triangle between Libya and Sicily where she's predominant where
she's powerful and you can feel her influence there she's known to be nobody knows
more about drugs than she does and she fears the understanding that Medea has
of these juices she fears it so the most fearful woman
the most powerful woman is afraid of the power of this virgin
so what are they doing in Antiquity the text goes on to talk
about what she can do she is the master of Orpheus she is the
one who founded the right it's her right she is the cup
she's the one whose body became the processing device for the communion
blood all right the essence call it the Hyma
right that juice which is the essence right she is the drakaina
who is coming after the initiate the one who is entering
into death yeah for Great Stuff great stuff um we can talk about
oracular prophecy coming through that great Hera
through the Trinity of the Hera Aphrodite and the Virgin those are the
three that Focus their their oracular power on this process of
bringing this voice some Stu some people have been asking about that right and
about interacting with that voice imagine a world where there were other
entities around you forces that controlled what was going on
interacted with and controlled right imagine if you could interact with
those well you can your eyes can be opened
and you can be as gods you can
there is a very powerful initiation
that is preserved by Lord Byron
by Lord Byron you should be able to use
that initiation to gain the power of the logos
yeah for those with ears to hear fantastic and for those of you who are
coming for the evangelicals coming that I always say the same thing to remember
Jesus Christ was arrested in a public park at 4am with a naked boy
remember that tonight we have uh we're going to um move to a couple of guests we've we
have a uh the delicacy of some company tonight we've got Rob
from England we've got Rob Rob thank you for coming Rob I appreciate it
thanks for having me can't follow that though that was amazing thank you after Rob gracious Rob after Rob is
Snappy and snappy thanks for coming thanks for having me yep and last but not least we have
cathonius we have cathonius and tonight go ahead
I said thank you tonight I wanted to start with you though this I wanted to ask you
um we've been we have a lot of people who've come out of cults right and
they've they've gotten to that point that they've seen some whatever whatever element of
reality it was that woke them up right and they said this is not right what's
going on right and they stepped out of these cults I think we have a particularly sensitive
topic with you and that is you seem to have come out of
a cult that has political um uh power to it right a political cult
we'll just say the I'll let you define it but can you just tell us a little bit of where you've been and how you got
here you know all the way from there how do you got to this place of of thinking
differently and they used to support Donald Trump I used to believe in his make America
greater again agenda but what I didn't see is what he was really doing with
Christian nationalism I didn't see that what he was promoting was through mainly through Christianity and anybody that
seen his like Macho chauvinistic egotistical ways I didn't I I didn't see
that when he was controlling the Christians that he was arming hate groups like The Proud boys and and how
he would I knew that he was on Epstein's Island and I denied it because I believed in what he was doing I thought
he was really going to make America greater but all he was doing was fulfilling an agenda that I don't know
and if he would have kept going if he would have got office again or if he gets office again I feel like
Trump would be doing the same thing that Putin would be with trying to go after a group and he he did not like pagans he
didn't like he didn't like the lgbtq community he seemed like he was really racist towards Mexicans and blacks he
was he was sexist and he was an egotistic opportunist and how I got there is learning about
Christian nationalism I never really heard that word until I heard the group talk about it and now I see Putin doing
it as well with with the ukrainians the Putin uses the church to his advantage
and that's what he's he's arming his citizens with that he's feeding him them that and that's exactly what Trump was
doing to the Americans what do you think what do you think though is my question number two and
then I want to follow up with Snappy and Rob my question number two is the first flag that entered
the capital um the first flag was the was not the
Confederate flag I was expecting as soon as I saw it I saw I watched it live like
most people as soon as I saw it I was like oh they're gonna have Confederate flags there right which they did and
they've got Trump's face but the first flag that went in there wasn't an American flag it was a Christian flag
and I thought my question for you clonius is why do you think these people
who went into our capital why do you think they
carried the Christian flag in right after they defecated in it
that was because they was using it to their advantage that was their whole thing that he was God's chosen appointee
it seemed like that's what he was trying to he's trying to kind of in a way deify himself as like a king of America like
like a dictator in a way that he truly won that election when he didn't and he there was using Christianity to arm
themselves to make them to brainwash them to think it was okay that's that's what I think truly
yeah yeah snappy snappy the same people that
stormed into there the same people are the ones who would take somebody
um who would put on a feminine kit and might take them out and and do something
to them they might you know they might put laws they might make laws their laws
being made around the world against LGBT uh communities what uh
uh is that what we get with a theocracy because what phonies is describing is a
Theocratic an attempt to think of a Theocratic takeover of the U.S we all
live through it we all watched it and we're all shocked like uh what do we do now right
Snappy what what what's the future for all of this
oh you're uh muted sorry we really have to uh stand up and uh
help the people who are being scapegoated in this time and recognize it for what it is like this is an
opportunity to divide the country right and they're using a marginalized group of people to to be to vilify them and to
get all of your hate wound up you know they play on people's insecurities they
play on people's fragility you know they first they abuse you and they make you a
man or a woman and they tell you you can only be that and they force you into this dichotomy and they force you to be
a specific way and now when you're seeing other people who are trying to live differently they use that against
you they point out those people who do not follow these strict laws that have been forced upon you in an abusive
controlling way and they make you hate those people who refuse and we all
should be refusing to follow because this this kind of Oppression is the problem and we got to be really weary
like I was watching TV the other day and Charlie cook Kirk came on the news and
he was talking about how they needed to take people like me out and hang them by the trees like they used to do in the
1940s that's that's where this is going right now and Putin is saying the same
thing he literally just went on TV and was saying that the West is trying to make God by gendered pretty sure God is
beyond gender like give me a break yeah hey Rob from the Rob from England across
the way so we've got Canada we've got Canada's word we've got America's word what does England tell us
um tell us about this movement I mean some we just had a we just had an Insurrection Rob what give us some
advice from England tough it's tough to give advice for
England you know and you only we only hear what we hear and so I interpret he says
as with this um presentation you've done with the comments made like I said how
did you launch a thousand ships we call it uh the face that launched a
thousand ships but was it the face that launched that thousand ships was it a sacrifice that launched the
thousand ships and he wanted then thousand ships launched in the first place and what was his game and what was he up
to because that's basically what this guy is doing it he's using corrupt
means for gain power that's all I can see and I can't see
much else in politics if I managed with you completely as there's
far too much corruption involved for me to weed through and try and Peck out
some sort of Hope there because from my point of view the trained the
train then lies and deceits they're not technicians they don't get anything done they don't
produce anything worth of value and I haven't got much time for them to
be honest um how that affects America and what you've got to do is
I don't know tearing off your TVs okay now each of you now each of you
will do sorry I'm excited though because I want each of your opinions and I want
like a very short um 30 second take on it I'm Gonna Play that video again and I want you to pick
out I want you to pick the message that you were
for for each year right what's the message you're getting Chewie could you
play that please everybody in the world knows that men don't think very much of women who are
easy women who are easy having a virtuous wife is being like a
rich man with big sack of rubies your husband is blessed God is favoring him
by providing a wife providing you for this man easy easy is the ruler of this
world these titles and many more signify Satan's capabilities we must remember
that God has given him domain over unbelievers only Believers are no longer
under the rule of Satan unbelievers on the other hand are caught in the snare of the devil lie in the power of the
evil one and are in bondage to Satan Satan is the God of this world it's not
saying that he has ultimate Authority it is conveying the idea that Satan rules over the unbelieving world in a specific
way these bad guys at Corinth are Satan
self-righteous respectability that is the that's the Beating Heart of Satanism
abortion God has forgiven it porn sites God has forgiven it and we think oh you're starting to introduce moral chaos
no forgiveness of sin is not moral chaos but I believe that God has built men to
engage with the world and God has built women to be domestic between Presbyterians and twerking drag
queens is not to display an adverb of neutrality this only happens when the state has decided to decide with the
kinky tribe Plus [Applause] foreign everybody in the world knows that men
don't think very much of women who are easy
so I'll start with a com with a 30 second comment and what I took from that
is I would not let man ever teaching my daughter uh Rob you're up next what do
you think uh been on every NLP course you could go
on um weird associations and they're all dropped in there all all on some sort of
scheme or Daft way of winning your favor in some fashion appealing to from sure to
misguarded loyalties to the church or to being domesticated or being as
be that's misguarded it's completely misguided
dominated from Rob fantastic Snappy you're Eric I see weak inept men that are terrified
of the power of women and have to abuse and control them and subjugate them for their own Amusement it's beyond
disgusting all right from Snappy subjugation excellent phoniest what's your take
I see it as them trying to take away the power of the woman they want this dominant masculine thing to go on they
fear the woman like Snappy said and I also see how the non-believers of that you don't believe in their God
you're a Satanist so they want you to be dependent on their God or you're they're going to label you as evil and they don't understand even what they believe
in or Satan at that yeah then that's the perfect that's the
perfect way to end this because aren't we just just in view of the fact that we're their natural enemy right because
I'm not going to stand with a group that wants to that wants to take a a group be it a gender or be it an ethnic group or
or whatever people with people with glasses I don't care any anybody that
wants to take a group and either torture or destroy that group um those are not Defenders of the virgin
they do not know the great mother so who do we stand against I know one
thing we stand against these guys and if we can do anything with our magic we do
it against them yeah thank you guys for coming tonight hail Satan thanks for
having me and Satan show me the girl I had never met I want
it so bad where is that Golden Palace where is
that horse called Destiny I think she ran off without me
[Music]